.TH CPDIRMK 1 "September 2024" "cpdirmk 1.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
cpdirmk \- Copy a directory structure to a Markdown file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cpdirmk
[\fI\,OPTIONS\/\fR] \fI\,DIRECTORY\/\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B cpdirmk
is a tool that copies the structure of a directory to a Markdown file,
including the content of text files.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show the help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Show the program version and exit.
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-output=\fIFILE\fR
Specify the output file (default: output.md).
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-depth=\fINUMBER\fR
Set the maximum depth of the directory tree (default: no limit).
.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-ignore=\fIPATTERN\fR
Ignore files/directories that match the specified pattern.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Copy the structure of the current directory to output.md:
.B cpdirmk .
.TP
Copy the structure of a specific directory to a custom file:
.B cpdirmk \-o structure.md /path/to/directory
.TP
Limit the tree depth and ignore specific files/directories:
.B cpdirmk \-d 3 \-i '*.tmp' \-i 'node_modules' /path/to/project
.SH NOTES
The `is_special_file` function has been enhanced to identify a wide range of file types that are not suitable for direct display in Markdown, including binary, compressed, image, audio, video, document, and other formats.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Eric Coleta.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to ericbercol@gmail.com.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2024 Eric Coleta. License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <https://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.